you guys are looking for the cheapest
ultimate team coins on the market be
sure you check out gaming paradise that
coat UK their link will be in the
description below be sure you click that
link in use weeps for ten percent off
it's instant cheap and reliable what is
up y'all it is your boy we peeler back
in the house welcome again to winning
the World Cup we got knocked out in the
round of 16 last time and we are back
with a new squad I opened up packs and
i'm not i'm gonna show you cuz i didn't
get anybody good except for drug busts
so Drogba is my striker we're rocking a
423 one dash two and we're gonna rock
didier drogba up top he's a beast he's
tall hopefully can get some heads on
some balls we got wakaso as my left mid
not too bad pace right there shot could
be better but overall stats look pretty
good we got Sen and centered defensive
mid we got ammonia in my cam position
looking pretty good actually decent card
overall passing could be better but not
too shabby alex song 72 pace not too
shabby overall card shot again could be
better seems like all these African guys
have really good stats except for one
and this guy's a shot right mid asante
75 face other stats suck balls 51 he's a
bad car that is gonna be my downfall i
believe right back we got naome 78 pace
74 a defending and not bad heading on
the wing all right there we got n kalu
77 pace in a centre-back position love
the hair looking sexy right there shed
you looking sexy as well that is an
actual decent card 79th defending 84
heading and left back we got Boca the
Boca grips 76 pace 70 falls up fence
since 77 dribbling so decent overall and
then a 71 goalkeeper Kingston he is
gonna blow ass for me as well looking at
pretty damn bad actually so 71 not too
great so the team and not too bad maybe
after every game I open a few more packs
try to get some better players because
this team is not the best all right so
it's gonna do a match with this squad I
need a better right mid I think after
every game I'm gonna open like 100k
worth of packs try to get myself a right
mid and a goalkeeper these guys
definitely are not gonna do it for me 50
18 it on the right side that's not a
good squad right there so hopefully we
can get a win get through and get out of
these group stages hey we found somebody
eh all right let's rock and roll um I
want to do this kit here all right so we
got to get a win in this group stage
again at my team is not the best man my
right mid is a 51 so not too good his
chemistry is 88 that's promising
although chemistry means absolutely
fuck-all so let's get into it nice mix
of a team right there santika xolo all
right man I think we could put away this
first game here but I'm not too not too
confident in the knockout stages as for
sure oh look at drug look at drugs look
at drugs that's a goal fucking don't
mess with the drug pop the drill by all
right here we go 1-nil that's nice I
really don't remember this game being so
slow and like quicksand II seem to be
better before cross across a Tweaker we
got big drugs in the middle on board ha
ho ho a second time oh my gosh is keeper
come on with that shit Oh ref gonna call
something going a red card that ass yeah
bitch oh that's a red that's a read on
Cahill he's shit get it into the box
here we got heads we got heads on that
ball we got heads on that ball that's a
golazo did he aired robot ah sick all
right there man that was nice real nice
nice and pretty Sen with the beautiful
ball and drugs just crushing it twink
good opening half right there drug go
with two goals one with his foot one
with his head not too bad overall stats
looking pretty good so got to continue
the force in second half and get some
more goals and we are into the second
half and my boy does not want to play
more he put his controller down come on
man come on
go hahaha the goal I don't think he's
playing anymore I think you put his
controller down good the fans good
defense keep it up keep it up guys ah
hit in the box drugs get in the Box
drugs oh oh damn dude it's just too easy
with him in the middle right there holy
crap drug bought with the qua trick he's
got a quick damn gonna boom the fuck out
my way we're going for the fit going for
the fifth going for the fifth goal with
the header Oh get the fuck out of here
this game is broken broken this game is
broken we've got a quad trick with
drogba drug busts making the run Drogba
it is drunk oh shit oh shit he's out of
the box we're gonna screw a drug dog
again boom motherfucker hahaha sick I am
robot drogba I crushed vagina he still
gets it back cuz he is drogba the man
the myth the ledge oh yeah I'm score
again we're doing score again with a
drug Bob we're gonna score to get one
drug ba drink this is ridiculous dude
this is ridiculous okay quit the game
Rob quit the game come on get it get it
get it drugs get it drugs oh you want to
fuck with me boy wanna fuck me boy yeah
drunk was gonna tear your head off good
off me oh oh dum ba damn dude he's got
eight goals that's fucking ridiculous
all right all right let's just run this
clock out don't scorn on goal no no no
no no no though only drunk by on the
scoreline know we're drunk by your truck
back he's drunk by all right no no no no
come on no no no no no
no no no no no come on come on let me
score with drunk by 00 hit the post damn
don't even read card me dude you get a
red card me I'm gonna throw this fucking
game on the window oh my gosh fuck you
rat fuck you 90th minute drugless cores
eight goals and gets a red card but
you'll never see that in real life come
on that wasn't even studs up that was
legit tackle that was legit gay come on
just end the game blow the whistle ref
score lines all screwed up now jeez so
sensational scoreline look at that dude
uncle and monya screwed it up a drug but
with eight goals and a red card that
sucks i think he's out next game not
good it went from really good really bad
so drug ba you can score eight goals and
still get a 9.7 how that works I do not
know but EA has retarded here the match
facts pretty dominating fashion as you
saw by the gameplay eight goals by
drogba unbelievable but he is red carded
and out the next game but open some
packs the beginning in next episode
instead of the end of this one so thank
you guys for watching drop like helps me
out a lot and I'll get another one of
these out sure